# FAQs

Here is a list of common questions about Scale, along with practical answers.

## Are Scale components accessible?

### They are!

All Scale components meet the Telekom accessibility requirements as well as the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/) version 2.1, level AA criteria.

[Learn more about accessibility](./scale/?path=/story/scale-for-developers-accessibility--page) in Scale and how we test our components.

## Can I integrate Scale into an ongoing project?

### Yes, absolutely!

Feel free to use Scale components in addition to your own.

That'll save you some time on more general UI work, which you can reinvest to improve parts of the product you otherwise wouldn’t have time to focus on in such detail.

## How does it work?

If you manage dependencies within your project with npm or yarn and use either a bundler (e.g., Webpack) or ESM, the integration is very simple and straightforward.

For any other case, please get in touch so we can advise on the best setup.

## How do I get access to Scale?

Here are the best ways to get started:

[General documentation](./scale/?path=/story/scale-design-system--page)
[For designers](./scale/?path=/story/scale-for-designers-getting-started--page)
[For developers](./scale/?path=/story/scale-for-developers-setup--page)

Also have Sketch ready to work with Scale.
Please note that you will need accounts for npm and GitLab to work with Scale.

## What if I need a new component?

Here are some ideas:

* Consult the [Scale roadmap](https://github.com/telekom/scale) to see if what you need is coming soon.
* Get in touch with the team. We might be able to prioritize your requirements. Ask us about beta or WIP options that could be helpful.
* Create a component locally so it truly fits your specific needs.

If you need a component with specific requirements that Scale doesn't offer:

* Develop the component locally that fits your specific needs. Also, if everyone will benefit, we’d love to [include it in the Scale library.](https://www.brand-design.telekom.com/scale/?path=/story/community-contributing-to-scale--page)
* Fork an existing component and improve upon it. If your requirements will benefit everyone, we’d love for you to [contribute to Scale.](https://www.brand-design.telekom.com/scale/?path=/story/community-contributing-to-scale--page)
* Contact us with your exact specifications and implementation ideas. We might be able to develop it.

### A friendly design reminder

When developing components locally, make sure to follow the Telekom brand and design guidelines and use the quality of the Scale components for orientation.

## What do I need to publish software?

You can include Scale for production just like you would for a local project.

## What is Scale exactly?

Du kannst Scale für die Produktion genauso einbinden, wie du es für ein lokales Projekt tun würdest.

## Was ist Scale genau?

Scale is a state-of-the-art design system with the following core features and characteristics:

* Framework compatibility
* Single source of truth for both development and design
* Based on design tokens for easy design updates 

Scale is a library of UI components that are centrally accessible and work with all modern frameworks used for building web applications.

The library is integrated into an optimized toolchain that greatly simplifies the frontend development workflow. While design tools such as Sketch facilitate the work of UX designers, developers will benefit from an easy implementation using the library found via NPM.

Storybook contains comprehensive documentation with guidelines and design resources. And for any other questions, our support team is here to help.

## What is the Scale accessibility standard?

We aim at making inclusive products and experiences that serve everyone.
Scale components meet the Telekom accessibility requirements as well as the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) version 2.1, level AA criteria.

Have a look at our standards

### How to achieve full compliance

While the Scale components and standard theme enable accessible experiences, full compliance with all mandatory accessibility requirements relies on many other factors for your product as a whole.

As such, please have your particular product reviewed by an accessibility consultant to find out how to use the Scale components in the best possible way.

### Suggestions welcome!

Our goal is to make Scale as accessible as possible. If you have any comments or suggestions on how we can make it better for users with disabilities, please raise an issue on our Git Repo or contact our support team.

## Which browsers are supported?

### We love evergreens!
All our components are tested to support the most important (evergreen) browsers.

[Our complete list of browsers](./?path=/story/scale-for-developers-browser-support--page)

## Who is behind Scale?

A joint team of UX designers and frontend specialists developed Scale with the aim of making frontend development easier, faster, and more effective.

Now, a team of UX designers and developers maintains and refines Scale, making sure it continues to meet the current and future requirements of the project teams using it.

## Why should I use Scale?

Here's how working with Scale helps you:

* Faster frontend development with ready-to-use components collected into one library
* Increased consistency thanks to a single source of truth for all layout components used in the Telekom digital design system
* Better brand compliance with fully designed and coded components, avoiding duplicate work and drastically reducing the need to rework
* Higher-quality UX design with components meeting both accessibility and usability requirements
* Simplified UX design workflows by provisioning Sketch libraries and templates
* Easier processes for handover, quality assurance, and team collaboration through full access to all documentation