# Scale for Developers

Scale provides frontend developers and engineers with a collection of reusable web components to build websites and user interfaces in major frontend frameworks like Vue, React, Angular, and HTML.

Adopting the Scale design system enables developers to use consistent markup, styles, and behavior in prototype and production work.

## Setting things up

Install the component library in your project with `npm` or `yarn` (see note on npm registry below):

```bash
npm install @scaleds/components-telekom
```
To use the components, you need to load a CSS file and some JavaScript. The CSS file includes the fonts and the design tokens.

### Plain HTML

```bash
<link rel="stylesheet" href="node_modules/@scaleds/components-telekom/dist/scale-components/scale-components.css">
<script type="module" src="node_modules/@scaleds/components-telekom/dist/scale-components/scale-components.js"></script>
```

### With a bundler or ES modules

```bash
import "@scaleds/components-telekom/dist/scale-components/scale-components.css";
import { applyPolyfills, defineCustomElements } from "@scaleds/components-telekom/loader";

applyPolyfills().then(() => {
  defineCustomElements(window);
});
```

### Package overview

| Package Name       | Description                                    |
| ------------------ | ---------------------------------------------- |
| components         | Stencil components                             |
| design-token       | Design tokens                                  |
| components-react   | Component proxies for React (auto-generated)   |
| components-vue     | Component proxies for Vue (auto-generated)     |
| components-angular | Component proxies for Angular (auto-generated) |

## NPM registry

In order to install and use these packages, you need to be part of the @scaleds organization on npm (npmjs.org). 

If you are not yet part of if, please send an e-mail for an invitation. contact@brand-design.telekom.com

Thank you.

## App development

When using the Scale components for app development, the only thing you need is to be logged in on npm via the terminal.

To log, in please issue the following command:

```bash
npm login
```

and follow the prompt's instructions.

Then you should be able to install any @scaleds/\* package in your project.

## CI

Regardless of what CI platform/technology you use, the system must be able to access the @scaleds/\* packages used in your application.

Thus, you will need these three things:

1.	a membership in the @scaleds organization on npm,
2.	an authorization token from one of the @scaleds owners, and
3.	a .npmrc file referencing the authorization token, which ideally should be securely stored in an ENV variable.


> Note: this may vary depending on your CI Pipeline

### .npmrc

Use this file to easily constrain a set of npm-related configurations to a project. In this case, we use it to set up the authorization token so the system can access the packages without requiring a particular user to be logged in.

_Example:_

```bash
# CI $ENV
#
# ENV variable defined securely somewhere in your CI service/system
# name: $NPM_TOKEN
# value: 52E34D4314AF486C535D5A29CA9E252E34D4314AF486C535D5A29CA9E252E34D4314AF486C535D5A29CA9E2
#
# The value should be the authorization token you got from the @scaleds organisation owner!!!
#


#.npmrc

registry=https://registry.npmjs.org/
//registry.npmjs.org/:_authToken=${NPM_TOKEN}
//registry.npmjs.org/:always-auth=true

```

> WARNING: The use of an ENV variable is indispensable, because you don't want to store any sensitive information inside the .npmrc file which could be accidentally pushed to the repository for others to see.

With this setup, the system can log in to npm and access to the packages. In case you need any help, do not hesitate to contact us.